I want to learn to be able to do a
one-arm pull-up Mr Frank how do I do it
first 10 to 15 clean pull-ups can you do
pull-ups yes yes next band assisted
you're going to use this to help you
right there yeah next you're going to do
the same thing but you're going to grab
lower on the resistance man to give you
less
assistance okay after that is the lock
off hold at the very top and you're
going to hold for time and work on the
bottom position of the pull-up where
you're just holding the bottom position
like 90°
Bend
perfect and you said also you want to
strengthen the bottom streng the not
like dead hold yeah like you want an
active hang way harder than it looks and
next we're going to do the negative our
goal 3 to 5 Second drop to the bottom
stay
strong the last step is you're going to
do partials from the
top and you could do your reps okay
let's let's see what it looks like when
a mortal tries it
right stay flexy stay flexy